And as a Welsh woman, how did you feel about all this going on?
Oh, I loved it because I am, you know, I'm proud to be Welsh
but I'm also proud to be British as well.
And do you remember
anything else going on in the community to do with...
Streeteas, yes, Streeteas, oh they were a must weren't they?
And not always
because some people in the street weren't really talking to some people further down the street.
That did pose a problem in the street.
Did you have a street party in your street?
Yes, yes, we had street parties, yes, yes.
Some of them weren't that actual day, they were the day after.
But yes, oh we had street parties for everything, you know, the Investiture, the Royal Weddings.
Well, then I suppose, and it was a big thing, you know, it really was.
We really loved it because it brought the community and the street together.
So what would happen for this street party?
Well, someone, one or two of the ladies would get together.
There'd always be a committee and it would be, there's a meeting in,
I lived in Trie Herbert and there was a public house called the Castle.
People then didn't, ladies didn't go to public houses.
But they'd had a spare room and committee meeting there.
Sometimes it worked, well it worked out very well on the whole, I'm sure.
But oh yes, there were big scenes, you know, about the actual party and what was going to be,
well, the food and the organising of the event and everyone dressed up.
And the streets were beautifully decorated, banners and greenery.
And then people bringing out, well, bringing out a piano onto the street so that people,
yes, oh yes, so people could dance and they'd do, it's really great.
You say dressing up, would it be party dress?
Fancy dress, oh definitely.
Right, so what kinds of things did you dress up as?
Well, Britannia, obviously you had to have Britannia.
Or loads of Welsh ladies bringing their Welsh cakes.
Fairies, clowns and then of course you couldn't go to these shops now that sell all this party wear.
It was what people made themselves.
And very good effort, some of them made, I must say.